# CHADO database qualifier mappings (used for writing out to file)
#
# CHADO                 	map     	
comment                     note
Dbxref                      db_xref
private                     note
orthologous_to              ortholog
paralogous_to               paralog
polypeptide_domain          note
PlasmoAP_score              note
membrane_structure          note
non_cytoplasm_location      note
cytoplasm_location          note
transmembrane               note
signal_anchor_probability   note
signal_peptide_probability  note
signal_peptide              note
SignalP_prediction          note
GPI_anchored                note
GPI_anchor_cleavage_site    note
#
# CHADO qualifiers to be ignored
timelastmodified
ID
feature_id
Parent
Derives_from
feature_relationship_rank
isObsolete
